TARA (VOICEOVER): Previously
on "Dance Academy."
-Ready?
Now!
-We are gonna be putting
on the event of the year.
[party music playing]
-Can you take a
photo of us, Abigail?
GIRL: What?
BOY: The photo.
-I've been unfair to you, and--
-I think I know what it is.
-You do?
-You're scared of
falling, so I got you--
-You got me a bird.
ETHAN: I think she is.
Check it out.
-I'm sorry, mate.
I didn't mean--
-You were all at the party
when the police arrived,
so you are all on detention
until further notice.
KAT: But I--
MR. KENNEDY: Back to class.
THEME SONG: Whoa-oh,
oh, whoa-oh.
Take a breath.
Close your eyes.
Take a leap of faith
and lead the way
tonight, tonight, tonight.
This is my chance.
This is my chance, my
chance to feel alive.
Whoa-oh.
TARA (VOICEOVER): When I was
little, I adopted a lamb.
Its mother had died.
And so every morning I got
up at 5:00 to bottle feed it.
-OK, you've got an hour to
pitch tents and get organized.
-Toilet, sir?
-Uh, third tree.
-Right this way, girls.
-Should we be worried
about brown snakes?
-No, the real
danger is trumpets.
Imagine koalas,
only flesh eating.
-OK, three people to a tent,
so pick your sleeping buddies.
-Yup.
I choose Kat.
-[laugh]
-Boys are on the other
side of the hill.
-Uh, I guess you're with us.
TARA (VOICEOVER): One day I was
in a hurry to get to ballet.
And I left the gate open.
-If you're homeless, Ms.
Histead won't mind sharing.
TARA (VOICEOVER):
When we got home,
there was blood everywhere.
The dogs had gotten him.
My lamb was gone.
It was the first time I
realized that sometimes when
you make a mistake, you have
to live with it forever.
-What's that?
-Nothing.
I found it in my locker.
It's Kat.
I know it's her.
-OK, so she's not president of
your fan club at the moment,
but she wouldn't go
and do something like--
-Freeze me out.
Not listen to my
zillion apologies.
-Hey, I think there's
stuff going on
with her that we
don't know about.
-I made one bad judgment
call, and now I'm the enemy.
-What did you expect, T?
Her brother was off-limits and
you went out with him anyway.
OK?
And then you went and--
-Cheated on him.
Just say it.
There's pictorial evidence.
-I'm not taking sides.
-Hey, Sammy, come here.
I want to tell you a story.
-Yeah, you're Switzerland.
-Mr. Lieberman.
My classroom, five minutes.
-Is this gonna take long?
-You'll be out of
here as soon as you've
handed in your assignment.
-Oh, um, I have a note.
-Sammy, will you
mind reading these?
-Sure.
OK.
Uh Abigail was
unable to complete
her assignment due to eyestrain.
Abigail was unable to--
tonsillitis, bronchitis, uh,
dermatitis.
You have dermatitis?
-Interesting none
of these conditions
prevented you from dancing.
-I preserve my energy
for what's important.
I find it important that
you're failing English.
And if that continues, I'll
keep you down next year,
no matter how well you dance.
-You wouldn't.
-Before you go on camp,
you will submit a new essay
on "Midsummer Night's Dream."
Sammy will be your tutor.
-I'm not sure I'm the best
person for this job, Miss.
-Well, according to Miss Raine,
you're both on detention.
So instead of doing that,
tonight I own your derrieres.
[laugh]
-In two days' time, when
you're surrounded by nature--
-Remind me again why we're
ditching civilization.
-Inspiration.
You're going to be
dancing in the open air,
workshopping variations from
the "Midsummer Night's Dream."
There's some acrobatic elements
in the modern version, skills
you may need if you're
thinking of joining
a contemporary company.
--[laughs] Your worst
nightmare, huh?
Camping, acro-- you're
outside your comfort zone.
-Sylvie Guillem used
to be a gymnast.
World's best dancer?
-Sorry.
-I'll catch you if
you fall, all right?
-Aw, adorable.
Did you hear that?
He's gonna catch her.
-Yeah, catch her or
catch something off her.
-Ignore them, all right?
-Hey.
Can I talk to you?
Just for a minute.
TEEN: Hey, awkward.
-Um.
-Yeah?
-So someone-- someone
gave this back to me.
And I thought-- well, I
thought you could return it.
-Yeah.
-But it's not right.
-Trust me, it wasn't expensive.
ISABELLE: Golden boy,
I've been looking for you.
Hi, Tara.
-Hi.
So you're back?
-Yeah, exchange was nuts.
The Russians massacre
you in technique class.
Truth is, I actually
really missed
this place while I was away.
-Liar.
You just missed me.
-[laugh]
-Oh, I'm sorry.
Was there something you wanted?
-Um, no.
Um, I'll just see
you in detention.
-Did something happen
with her while I was away.
-No. [laugh] Well,
nothing serious.
-You are such a player.
-I said 6 o'clock.
It's now 6:30.
-Struggling to care.
But you seem to have a
problem with me at the moment?
Is it just PMS, or--
-No, my problem is
that I'm the UN.
OK?
Kat blames Tara.
Tara blames Kat.
And guess who I blame?
You didn't have to
send that photo.
And if you're now
harassing Tara with them,
well then, that's just--
-What?
Like I could be bothered
with the melodrama.
So, where's my assignment?
-Um, I'm not gonna
do it for you.
I'll sit here with you
and I'll watch you do it.
I'll give you some pointers.
But if you're failing, you
need to do it by yourself.
-Fine.
Do you mind?
If you're not going to help me,
I'd rather you didn't watch.
It's kind of creepy.
Run along.
I'll be fine by myself.
[giggling]
-Are you OK?
-You know, if this
was a movie, we'd
have a water fight right now.
-I-- I'm sorry, I should
got out with you why?
-You can't deny there's
something between us.
-Something other than your
sleaze and my casual loathing?
-Look, Kat, you're sad.
I think--- I know I
can make you happy.
Look, don't say anything now.
I'm gonna prove it to you.
The wheels are in motion.
-That was a proper declaration.
-And I just couldn't
bring myself
to kill the slobbery
hope in his eyes.
-You know, I've never understood
the whole crush thing.
What makes someone
behave that way?
-That's my line.
See, Tara would normally--
PETRA: Would normally what?
-Nothing.
It's just-- it's
a relief I'm not
obsessing over these things.
PATRICK: And five,
six, seven, eight.
[music playing]
OK. "A Midsummer Night's
Dream," the star-crossed lovers.
Kat, you're dancing Helena.
Feisty, funny, and
betrothed to Sean.
Except he's now in love
with your best friend,
the sweet Hermia.
-Hand to heart,
would never happen.
-Hermia's in love
with Christian.
And he feels the
same way about her.
-Delightful.
Somebody cue the vomit.
-Who am I, sir?
PATRICK: Puck, the one
who makes things worse
before it gets better.
-Now, that's typecasting.
PATRICK: The point
to remember is
that while most of the
ballet is about mixed signals
and misunderstandings, in
the end, true love wins out.
Good.
Let's do it again, from the top.
-Aha, on time and
the correct links.
I should go in for match making.
-Couldn't have done
it without him.
-OK, noble dancers,
lend me your ears.
We're continuing with your
Shakespeare immersion.
I'm going to show you an excerpt
from a film, if I could just
get this working.
I want you to tell me how
it contrasts with the text.
[laughter and whistling]
What?
OK, who put this in here?
Thank you.
[laughter]
Pay attention, because I don't
find this remotely funny.
Bullying of any kind
will not be tolerated.
-Training bra, can you wait?
Can you just stop, please?
-What do you want
from me, seriously?
Go patch Kat.
-That was a mistake, all right.
-Whoever!
I don't care.
Just leave me alone.
-No.
-What?
-No, I'm sick of
leaving you alone, Tara.
Yeah, sure, you're probably
the most annoying person
I've ever met.
And most the time, I don't
even want to be around you.
Then there's other times,
and you're the only person.
And I like you.
So yeah, ball's in your court.
[music playing]
-Must you lurk in the shadows?
-So I read your essay.
It's good, although
being your tutor,
I would have advised you
to change a few more words.
It's pretty easy to
see it was copied
straight off the internet.
-Well, it's not
like I had a choice.
-You're blaming me?
-Abigail, I'm about to get
down for cheating, because you
couldn't be bothered
to do your own work.
-Actually, I tried.
-Yeah, right.
-I couldn't do it.
Look, I know my strengths,
and I know my weaknesses.
And I'm fine with them.
I put my energy into
what I'm good at.
-But-- that's such a cop out.
-Not really.
You obviously think I'm stupid.
Otherwise, you wouldn't have
checked to see if I cheated.
-Uh, roommate?
Come and put your
country skills to use.
-So, when the bears drop?
-Well, it's-- it's
more of a pounce.
-Hey, Kat.
-Kind of like that.
-Hey, Sean.
-So, um, have you thought
about what I asked?
-Uh--
-You have to stop.
-Uh, excuse me, Sean and I
were having a conversation.
-Look, I get that we'll
never be friends again,
but you can't keep
attacking me with this.
-Like I could be bothered!
In my mind, you don't even--
-Are you sure you want
to get involved in this.
-She is beautiful
when she's mad.
TARA: Well, it's
hard not to when
you're waging a personal
vendetta against me!
-Come on.
[music playing]
-Boys, remember, you're
both in love with Tara.
She's the one you're
fighting over.
-OK, Kat, you spot
what's happening,
and you try to stop it.
-I don't get it.
I hurt Ethan, not you.
-That's only part of it!
-Then what's the other part?
Do you like Christian
or something?
-Oh, no.
You're welcome to him.
-OK, girls, come
back into the center.
Bring some energy to it.
-You have everything, and
you rub it in my face.
-I'm so sick of that
self-righteous attitude!
-Good, Tara.
-I'm not self-righteous!
-[grunt]
-The problems aren't real.
They just happen in your head.
[scream]
PATRICK: That's good, girls.
Stay with the choreography.
[fighting noises]
Hey!
Girls, listen.
Tara, Katrina.
[music stops]
-Enough.
Stand up.
Katrina, you're on probation
and skating on very thin ice.
And Tara, we gave you a
scholarship for a reason.
This is no way to repay us.
Get to the showers.
Petra, can you please supervise?
KAT: You forgot my birthday.
-You left me stranded at the gig
so you could go off with Lucas.
-He was my boyfriend and
all you did was judge him.
-And how did that boyfriend
work out for you, Kat?
Wasn't I right to judge him?
-I can't believe you're
bringing that up now.
Bottom line is you left
me, and I needed you.
-Actually, the bottom line
is I'm sick of both of you.
We all are.
So I take these clothes hostage.
-Petra?
-Come back.
-Wow, I've never seen
you with a pimple before.
It's almost like a novelty.
-It's a mosquito bit.
Check your contact lenses.
-Look, Abigail. [clears throat]
I don't-- I don't like you most
of the time, but I definitely
don't think you're stupid.
-Out of my way, Lieberman.
-I think you're scared of
trying, which-- it doesn't make
any sense, because you're
about to go out there and be
fearless.
Look.
In a billion years,
I could never
be as brilliant as you are.
-Yeah, but you
just mean dancing.
-No, I-- I kind of
mean everything.
PATRICK: Abigail, your entrance.
[music playing]
TARA: Ow, you're
stepping on my toes!
KAT: Well, I need more room!
TARA: Well, there
isn't more room.
-[squeal]
-Ah, great.
This is the boys' side.
-It doesn't matter.
We just need clothes.
-Down, down.
-Down. [grunt] Oh, it's Sean's.
I can smell it.
Here.
Told you it wasn't me.
-But why would Sean?
--[sigh] It would seem he has
a rather large crush on me.
His idea of a romantic gesture?
-Like a proper one?
Do you think he's
fantasizing about you?
Because a Sean fantasy
could mean anything.
-Anything!
I know, right. [laugh]
-And what if he's
got the GPS going?
There'll be, like,
no place to hide.
What?
-Nothing.
I know you don't think
my problems are real.
-I think--
-Listen.
But they're mine.
And I guess I've just
been pretty unhappy lately
about what I'm doing here.
-You should have told me.
-I think I wanted you to ask.
And it-- it kind of
just feels like you
put everything ahead of me--
ballet and guys, which is cool,
because you don't need me.
But the thing is, I need you.
-So how did Natasha
take the party?
Was there a fallout?
-Major.
She went ballistic.
-Hey, you're wearing my clothes.
We're practically married.
-Mm.
I sense we might be
getting a divorce.
-Really?
Bad call?
-Mhm.
Burn them.
-Hey, do you have a minute?
KAT: That's it.
Burn them all Mhm.
That one, too.
-So I've been thinking a
lot about what you said,
and I like you, too.
But only as a friend.
-A friend?
I've put it out there
a couple of times now.
-I know.
-I'm not going to
be doing that again.
-I know that, too.
-OK.
-It's not perfect.
I couldn't put it
through spell check.
-Sh.
-Ah, interesting, there.
-OK, give it back.
-Ah.
Discussing it.
It's another thing
you're brilliant at.
[laugh]
-Really?
'Cause I've never
written an essay before.
I was homeschooled, so
Mom always did them.
-(WHISPERING) Tara.
Tara.
-(WHISPERING) I
was finally asleep.
-Come with me.
TARA (VOICEOVER): I
spend a lot of my life
wishing it was more like a
Choose Your Own Adventure book.
-It made me think of you.
TARA (VOICEOVER): And if I don't
like how something turns out,
I can just flip backwards
and do it again.
-What are you doing?
Tara, we're just looking.
TARA (VOICEOVER): Of course, in
real life, that's impossible.
You have to live
with consequences.
I never looked
after another lamb.
But three weeks later, I adopted
a joey-- the first of many.
And I have always
remember to shut the gate.
[theme music]